README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
My name is John Noonan (he/him). 

I use computers to tell stories and create unique experiences. I do this through my own art and by creating tools and developing software that can better facilitate meaningful creation for others. I use my knowledge of media creation to allow artists to make the best work they can and contribute to amazing experiences by creating tools, applications, research, art, and interactive media. 

Currently I am a creative technologist at [HUSH Studios](https://heyhush.com/) working on some super cool projects. You can [find my portfolio here](https://johnenoonan.github.io/) and see some of the work I've been up to. Thanks! 

<!--
**JohnENoonan/JohnENoonan** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

use copy from my website

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
My name is John Noonan (he/him). 

I use computers to tell stories and create unique experiences. I do this through my own art and by creating tools and developing software that can better facilitate meaningful creation for others.

My work is driven by the desire to unlock new possibilities and inspire creative minds. Whether it's developing cutting-edge software or crafting immersive narratives, I am dedicated to fostering a rich environment where the fusion of technology and artistry flourishes.

Some of the things I've enjoyed working on range from making data driven animations for the worlds largest mobility company, predicting render times for feature animated films using machine learning, to making a NYC street tree dating app (my favorite street trees are dogwoods by the way 🐕🌳).

Currently I am a creative technologist at [HUSH](https://heyhush.com/) working on some super cool projects. You can [find my portfolio here](https://johnenoonan.github.io/) and see some of the work I've been up to. Thanks!
